# Task Description

You have been randomly assigned 4 XMLs matching your topic that have been generated by one of your colleagues. Your task is to write 4 XML transformations using XSLT, one for each of your schemas, that utilise each foreign XML to produce a new XML. Each new XML should fully conform to the format prescribed by one of your schemas.

The schema assigned to you can be found here.

Rules:

    At least one of your XSLTs has to make use of  <xsl:call-template> and <xsl:apply-templates>.


For executing your XSLT you can use the xsltproc command line tool available in Linux or download the Saxon 11 JAR file from the author's website. Alternatively you can also download a copy from here, which has been obtained from the author's website.

How to run the XSLT processor:

```bash
xsltproc X_query.xsl X_data.xml
```
or
```bash
java -cp saxon-he-11.3.jar net.sf.saxon.Transform -s:X_data.xml -xsl:X_query.xsl
```

For a readable output we can pipe the result to our old friend xmllint:

```bash
xsltproc X_query.xsl X_data.xml | xmllint --format -
```
or
```bash
java -cp saxon-he-11.3.jar net.sf.saxon.Transform -s:X_data.xml -xsl:X_query.xsl | xmllint --format -
```

For additional details refer to the documentation.

# Additional Requirements

    Requirements of Assignment 3b still apply!
    Your 4 transformed XML ouputs must validate against your schemas.
    Your transformations must be executable using the xsltproc or Saxon 11 tool.
    Assume when running your transformations that your XSLT and the foreign XML files are in the same directory (only use relative paths, e.g. file.xml or ./file.xml)

# Submission

When: 28.04.2022 23:59
Where: Moodle
What: 3 zip files and 1 txt file
Feedback: Via Moodle and discussion in class.

    own_schemas.zip: Contains your 4 RelaxNG schemas (named "X_schema.rng") as submitted for assignment 3b.
    foreign_xmls.zip: Contains the 4 XMLs (named "X_data.xml" where X is a number from 1 to 4) that were assigned to you.
    xslts.zip: Contains the 4 XSLTs (named "X_query.xsl" where X is a number from 1 to 4) you created.
    exec.txt: Contains the 4 commands for executing your XSLT files and for checking the output of your transformations against your RNG schemas (assume the file structure as described under additional requirements).

    E.g.
    java -cp saxon-he-11.3.jar net.sf.saxon.Transform -s:2_data.xml -xsl:1_query.xsl -o:1_ouput.xml OR xsltproc 1_query.xsl 2_data.xml > 1_output.xml
    xmllint --noout --relaxng 1_schema.rng 1_output.xml
    java -cp saxon-he-11.3.jar net.sf.saxon.Transform -s:4_data.xml -xsl:2_query.xsl -o:2_output.xml OR xsltproc 4_query.xsl 2_data.xml > 2_output.xml
    xmllint --noout --relaxng 2_schema.rng 2_output.xml
    ...

Assessment Criteria
Points will be deducted for
* errors,
* not executable XPath expressions,
* missing documentation,
* failing to fulfil the requirements,
* malformed submissions and file naming.